# AI_Demodulator
During  the  deep  space  exploration  of  the  solar  system,  the  reliable  communication  link  is  vital,  since  it  is  the  only way that enables the transmission of telecommand from the earth and the return of telemetry information and  scientific  data  from  the  probe.  However,  the  communication  link  in  the  solar  system  space  environment  faces many severe challenges. In addition, due to the ultralong communication distance, the communication link between  the  Earth  and  the  solar  system  probe  may  encounter  solar  scintillation  due  to  solar  wind  during  near  superior solar conjunction

To solve the problem of bit error rate (BER) performance degradation over strong solar wind turbulence channel, a Gaussian minimum frequency shift keying (GMSK) demodulation using machine learning has been addressed. A novel GMSK demodulator has been built over strong solar wind turbulence channel with combining 1D-CNN and Bi-LSTM. The simulation results show that, even if the solar wind turbulence has serious effects on the signal at a low signal-to-noise ratio, the proposed combining neural network demodulation can obtain better BER performance than the classical Viterbi algorithm, demodulation using only a single 1D-CNN or Bi-LSTM. The proposed GMSK demodulator is more suitable for the deep space exploration of the solar system.

The model has been trained on simulation data sets are inspired by the analysis of the strong solar wind turbulence channel. The strong solar wind turbulence channel is modeled as a k-distribution model. GMSK fading signals that pass through the solar wind turbulenc channel are collected as the used dataset and can be found at https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5781913. 
